Bevy 0.17 release notes editorial pass (#21108)
bevyengine/bevy: release-content/release-notes/feathers.md

- Decorative elements such as icons for visual enhancement.
- Initial (simple / primitive) theme support to ensure consistent, configurable visual styling across applications. This is not the "final" Bevy UI theme system, but it provides some baseline functionality.
- Accessibility features with built-in screen reader and assistive technology support.
- Interactive cursor behavior that changes appropriately when hovering over widgets.
- A virtual keyboard suitable for touchscreen text input.

Feathers is still early in development. It is currently hidden behind the `experimental_bevy_feathers` feature flag. Feathers is still incomplete and likely to change in a variety of ways:

- We will port Feathers to BSN (Bevy's [Next-Generation Scene/UI System](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/20158/)) when that lands (targeted for **Bevy 0.18**).
- We are still discussing the best way to handle UI callbacks / events in Feathers. It includes a proposal API, but the debate is ongoing!
- We are still working on polishing up some UX issues.
- There are missing widgets and features. Notably the "input" widget is still being developed.

> If you're looking to experiment with building tooling for Bevy, enable it and give it a whirl!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're looking to experiment with building tooling for Bevy, enable it and take `feathers` for a test flight!
```
